[feat] Compiler option `css: 'none'` support (#7890)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/04-compile-time.md

| `accessors` | `false` | If `true`, getters and setters will be created for the component's props. If `false`, they will only be created for readonly exported values (i.e. those declared with `const`, `class` and `function`). If compiling with `customElement: true` this option defaults to `true`.
| `customElement` | `false` | If `true`, tells the compiler to generate a custom element constructor instead of a regular Svelte component.
| `tag` | `null` | A `string` that tells Svelte what tag name to register the custom element with. It must be a lowercase alphanumeric string with at least one hyphen, e.g. `"my-element"`.

> | `css` | `"internal"` | If `"internal"` (formerly `true`, also accepted but deprecated), styles will be included in the JavaScript class and injected at runtime for the components actually rendered. If `"external"` (formerly `false`, also accepted but deprecated), the CSS will be returned in the `css` field of the compilation result. If `"none"`, the CSS will be completely ignored and not processed, useful when generating hydratable DOM code. Most Svelte bundler plugins will set this to `"external"` and use the CSS that is statically generated for better performance, as it will result in smaller JavaScript bundles and the output can be served as cacheable `.css` files.

Reviewer: We use single quotes for strings. I don't really like the name `internal`. How about `injected`?
```suggestion
| `css` | `'injected'` | If `'injected'` (formerly `true`, also accepted but deprecated), styles will be included in the JavaScript class and injected at runtime for the components actually rendered. If `'external'` (formerly `false`, also accepted but deprecated), the CSS will be returned in the `css` field of the compilation result. If `'none'`, the CSS will be completely ignored and not processed, useful when generating hydratable DOM code. Most Svelte bundler plugins will set this to `'external'` and use the CSS that is statically generated for better performance, as it will result in smaller JavaScript bundles and the output can be served as cacheable `.css` files.
```
